[Music]
hello gorgeous hi everyone and welcome
to what is my first video of 2018 I'm
going to be sharing with you guys some
of my absolute favorite products from
the past year stuff that I was reaching
for the most in 2017 stuff that I really
loved some of these things you might
recognize for my videos from me on
Instagram but for the most part there
are a few things in here that I didn't
really get to mention anywhere else or
things you might have missed oh and I
want to say that as with all my
favorites videos nothing is sponsored
first things first I have been spending
a lot more time on my skin paying a lot
more attention to my skin in 2017 there
were definitely a few points in 2017
where how many times am I going to say
2017 there were quite a few points in
the last year where my skin was kind of
really freaking out especially at some
point during the summer I had really bad
like hormonal acne so I've definitely
been doing a lot of research on how to
treat that in more natural ways um one
of the things that has been tremendously
helpful it works so well it's so so
effective it's the only Henriksen and
this is like an older packaging cuz I
did buy a backup of it back in the day
and it still works it's been working
really well I hope it didn't expire
anyway one thing that's been really
really helpful for me as far as when you
have leftover scarring like red spots
that are left over there flat those
usually take a really long time to fade
it's just made my skin so much more even
so if you have acne or you've had acne
and there's like leftover red spots try
this out because I feel like if you use
this for about a week or two you're
gonna notice a huge difference use it at
night just because you don't really need
to have vitamin C on your skin if you're
gonna be like going out in daylight or
whatever or not that I see much daylight
at all clearly the other product that's
also from Olay Henriksen I have to say
this is one of my absolute favorite
products especially if you have any
texture issues enlarged pores this is
the Oh a Henrickson power peel it's one
of the pink strongest at-home chemical
peels that you can do there have been
like one or two times where I used it
and I left it on a little bit too long
so definitely follow the directions if
you have really sensitive skin I would
say use a
for about half the time that it
recommends but this stuff makes the
biggest difference in your skin any time
I have to go anywhere like if I have
like an event or something really
important that I want my skin to look
extra good for I'll put this on the
night before just because sometimes it
can make your skin a little bit red but
don't fake it'll fade by morning and
honestly any time I've used it and I'll
see people that see me on my skin on a
regular basis they'll always tell me
your skin looks so good today what'd you
do hello it's this since I'm spending so
much more of my skincare and taking so
much extra time to get my skin to look
better I kind of want to show it off a
little bit and not like put so much more
makeup and kick it up more than
necessary there's a time and place for
that not gonna lie but that's not my
everyday like hello I'm not a Kardashian
even though this photo would prove
otherwise
so whenever I want to look like I'm not
wearing any makeup at all nine times out
of ten I can achieve it with this and
like the one in a blue moon is like what
I just kind of get a little bit too
heavy-handed but usually it goes very
well and it's the do are air flash it's
a spray foundation now at first when I
first tried it what I done was like I
would shake it up and then spray it on
my face and then that was way too much
but I'll spray it on to the tips of the
bristles of a brush and then I'll swirl
that all around my face I would
recommend working on one side at a time
just because this dries very quickly and
when it dries it pretty much locked down
stays in place but it's superfine it
doesn't really over exaggerate any
texture issues you might have which can
happen with foundations it's quick it's
easy its lightweight and it stays in
place which is like what more do you
want from a foundation one thing some of
you might be pissed off about though is
the price the price is insane but I have
been looking at reviews and things
online and people say that the Sephora
like spray foundation is very very
similar to this and it's like let's just
half the price of what this actually
cost you might want to try that instead
next as far as concealers there are two
that both come in little pots like this
and I like them for different purposes
the glossy a stretch concealer I feel
like a broken record because I've talked
to you guys about this like all frickin
year it's one of the best concealers for
underneath the eyes especially just
because you know how sometimes if you
get a bad concealer it'll usually add
ton of texture underneath your eyes and
no coverage or if it does have coverage
it's just really way too thick instead
this one's like magic it looks like
almost nothing underneath your eyes it's
just exactly what you want and it does
have really good coverage it's more on
the lines if I would say a corrector I'm
not saying if you have serious dark
circles it's going to like dramatically
cover them but it does help to really
neutralize the area quite a bit so
especially if you're doing a natural
look this is super helpful make you look
like you're not even wearing anything at
all so I absolutely love this and a
little bit goes a very long way the
other concealer I'm gonna share is one
of my absolute favorites as far as when
I really need to cover something up like
a blemish or whatever there's been times
that I've used this kind of in place of
a foundation like I'll just kind of put
it where I need it and then just really
diffuse the crap out of it
it's the NARS soft matte concealer now
if you have skin that can be a little
bit more on the dry side my skin is
combination I definitely have some drier
parts you hear soft matte and that could
be a little bit scary but I have to say
that this concealer isn't very drying at
all it doesn't really cling too much to
any dry patches you might have so I
really really love this concealer I have
a bunch of shades just because I'm like
45 different shades throughout the year
because I self tan and then I don't self
tan and then I let stuff fade and then
oh I don't know maybe go on a vacation
what what can you do I live a crazy life
I should have maybe wet this before I
got on camera but this isn't a Beauty
Blender this is what I consider to be
kind of better than a Beauty Blender
just because the price is cheaper but it
works just as well if not a little bit
better I kind of really like the shape
of it because it's she's got curve she's
got a little waist a big booty and a lot
of times the problem with most Beauty
Blender inspired makeup sponges
typically they don't get the texture
quite right they're not quite bouncy
enough they're not this it's like hands
down it's just as good as a Beauty
Blender but it's not as expensive so
love it I actually got to meet your
Barrymore at the very end of 2017 if you
guys have seen my draw my life you know
that drew Barrymore is kind of like
front of my head like I love her so it's
really great to get to meet her because
I always wanted to like kind of in the
back of my head I was like it would be
nice if I got to meet her right so I did
get to meet her at an event for her dear
true pop-up shop which is so cute you
have to go check that out if you're in
New York but I did get to tell her about
the flower Beauty sponge because I was
like you did such an amazing job with
that in case you were wondering she's
lovely she's really sweet really
down-to-earth which only only makes you
want to buy more products right speaking
of fabulous people that I met throughout
the year Toria Beckham I got to go to an
event for Estee Lauder and out of
everything there are so many really
great products from that line they're
really really expensive though and if I
could recommend one thing to somebody to
get besides like maybe a compact just
cuz they're so nice oh and they would
look really great in your purse and
they'd be great for when you're you know
out in public to check your makeup and
touch-up but if you are a beauty lover
and you like something that has a little
bit of shimmer to it I have to say this
is the most amazing thing it's the eye
foil in it's called blondes gold and it
is absolutely stunning like especially
for the inner corner I mean this will
last you for a really long time but it's
so stunningly gorgeous the next thing
that was super important to me in 2017
lashes one of my absolute favorite lash
growing serums is one that my friend
turned me onto the road and feels lash
boosts if you're interested in getting
this DM her on Instagram I'll put her
information in description box down
below just put this on before bed every
single night and you wake up and you
have fuller longer stronger looking
lashes a lot of people don't really like
liquid lipsticks I'm not a huge fan of
liquid lipsticks I find them to be
overly drying but I have to say
hands-down the most comfortable liquid
lipsticks I've ever ever ever come
across are these by lawless it's a
pretty new brand as far as what I've
gathered they come in quite a few shades
but these are my two favorites when I
want something a little bit more on the
nude side like mauve nude I like the
shade George and right now I have on
Romeo which is a really really nice kind
of like red color I just I love it I
love both of them they're so comfortable
they're not drying at all on the lips
and they're also
completely natural so you're not putting
chemicals and all that stuff on your
lips
the next product which is from another
youtuber that I really really love I
love the youtuber as well but I love the
product is this is the face halo it's a
little it's a little bit stained right
now you could throw these in the wash
and wash them that way but I usually
just take a bar soap and wash it out
after every use it's the easiest way to
remove makeup and like even stubborn
makeup like eyeliners mascaras and all
of that it works really well
February like a lot a lot of makeup I
might use like um like a cleansing balm
and use this to wipe it off so the whole
entire chore of washing off your makeup
is so much easier um and ever since I've
gotten it I could tell you for a fact I
have not skipped washing my face before
bed I skip it once I had a lot to drink
Darrin I skipped it but just one time in
all of 2017 so that's all for this video
I hope you guys enjoyed it and found it
interesting helpful entertaining
hopefully I recommended some things that
you guys will really like these are all
things again that nobody paid me to talk
about these are all actual items that
I've been really loving and I think you
guys will really enjoy them too I'll
list everything in the struction Brooks
for you down below so you can have links
and everything where you can find stuff
I love you guys and I hope to talk to
you again very soon wait we got it we
got to get into the snap